- [Instructor] Now that you understand why
Kubernetes is required, what does it take
for a Java developer to package and deploy
their applications in Kubernetes.
Let's take a look at what Kubernetes workflow
for Java developers look like.
You build and package your Java application
using the usual tools, such as Maven or Gradle.
This will typically be a fad jar that has
all the dependencies included.
In case of a war file, you need to think about
how to get all the dependencies such as Tomcat
or whatever your application server is.
Kubernetes deploy and manage containers,
so first thing you need to do is
create a Docker image out of your application.
This Docker image will need to be published
on a Docker repository such that it can
be downloaded to the Kubernetes cluster.
This could be Docker Hub, Amazon Elastic Container Registry
or any other registry that you have access to.
Most common way of deploying to Kubernetes
is to use an application manifest.
We will cover details about what does this
application manifest look like later.
An application will create one or more
Kubernetes resources, and so it is also called
as Resource Manifest.
This manifest uses Kubernetes API to create
Kubernetes resources.
Multiple types of Kubernetes resources
can be created, and we'll discuss them in detail later.
This manifest will define the API version,
type of the resource, refer to the Docker Image
if needed, the number of instances of the container,
metadata about the resource, and other information.
Now, you need a Kubernetes Cluster
where these resources can be created.
We'll discuss different options to create
Kubernetes Cluster later, but you need access
to a Kubernetes Cluster where the resources
can be created.
Either you can create this yourself
on your development machine, in your data center,
or in the cloud.
Depending upon your team, there may
be a separate ops team that can create
the cluster, and give you credentials
to access that cluster.
Last step is to deploy these Kubernetes Resources
in the cluster.
There are multiple ways to deploy these resources
from CLI to deployment pipelines, and will be
covered in detail in this course.
But in general, this is the workflow for
Java Developers.
You packet Java application,
create and publish Docker image,
create Kubernetes Manifest,
have access to a Kubernetes Cluster,
and deploy the manifest to create the resources.
Most of these tasks can be automated
as part of your bill cycle,
so even though the number of steps may seem large,
the workflow is pretty straight forward.
Typically, Kubernetes Cluster will be created once,
and rest of the steps will be done
multiple times during development-deployment cycle.